One thing we need
to understand about objects in JavaScript is that they are dynamic
which means once you create them you can always add new properties
or methods, or remove existing ones. So here we have a circle
object with a single property that is radius, we can add
another property like color set it to yellow
now when we log the circle on the console you can see we have
two properties, color and radius. Similarly, we
can add a new method here, circle.draw, we set it to
new function and now when we log this on the console
we can see our circle object has three members, two properties,
color and radius, and one method. We can
also delete existing properties or methods, so here before
logging the circle, we can use the delete operator, to
delete a member from a circle object. That member can be a property
method. So circle.color
we can also delete the draw method, so circle.draw,
now save the changes, we can see now our circle object
has only the radius property that we added at the
time of creating this object. Now one thing some developers find confusing
is that here we have used the const keyword,
to define a new constant. However, you can see I have modified
the circle object of either the property, and then remove that property.
So what kind of constant is that? Well, when we use constant
here, that means we cannot reassign this variable,
so this variable is more accurately a constant. So we cannot
reset circle to a new object. If we do that,
we get this error. Assignment to constant variable.
So we cannot reassign this constant, but we
can always change the circle object by adding
or removing properties.